h1. CopyMove

  * Created by: Andrea Franz - http://gravityblast.com
  * Version: 2.3.2 (compatible with Radiant >= 0.9.1)
  * Contact: andrea AT gravityblast DOT com

  * This fork merged from others, refactored and extended by:  Andrew vonderLuft - http://avlux.net
  * Contact: avonderluft AT avlux DOT net

h2. Description

This extension adds a new action ('CopyMove') in the Radiant's administration interface near the 'Add child' button. With this extension you can copy or move a page with or without its children.

h2. Updates

* 2.3.0 - 03/2011 - merged updates from othe forks, refactored for Blade UI in Radiant 0.9 or greater - Andrew vonderLuft

h2. Requirements

* For Radiant versions < 0.6.7 You need the "shards extension":http://groups.google.com/group/radiantcms-dev/browse_frm/thread/d07f7fffd84b3ce0/5efa6fd6c2e1668e?lnk=gst&q=shards#5efa6fd6c2e1668e 
* Radiant versions >= 0.6.7 and greater have Shards built in.

h2. Installation

# Get the latest version of CopyMove extension code:
  
  <pre>
  cd vendor/extensions  
	git clone git://github.com/avonderluft/radiant-copy-move.git copy_move
	</pre>

## For Radiant versions < 0.6.7

Open the environment.rb and set shards as first extension to be loaded:
  config.extensions = [ :shards, :textile_filter, :markdown_filter, :all ]

# From your Rails app root type this command:
<pre>
  rake RAILS_ENV=production radiant:extensions:copy_move:install
</pre>
which will copy some needed files to the public directory of your app.

h2. Contributors

 * Benny Degezelle
 * Mario T. Lanza     
 * Daniel Collis-Puro
 * Sean Cribbs
 * Andrew vonderLuft
 
h2. Credits

This extension contains icons from the FamFamFam Silk icon set. See http://famfamfam.com/